this is a classic ambush site zebras
need to be on their guard selecting
census to matrimony being in a herd
causes problems all the noise and
movement creates confusion senses are
swamped with information smell is a
little juice the scent of lands is
everywhere seeing mainly in yellow and
green makes spotting a station yellow
Larne in yellow grass almost impossible
the Lions are virtually invisible
zoom out to maximum with the plan view
we can see that the lands are closing in
Lions have an explosive acceleration in
seconds they can reach maximum speed 56
kilometers enough but it must get within
30 meters before launching an attack
zebras are also very fast so closer
their top speeds that Lions must depend
on the advantage of surprise she's
charged but been spotted the Zebras have
a head start let's stop the action and
look at the options for a zebra in the
middle of the earth behind is blocked by
bodies wheeling away the only other
option is to run straight ahead through
the water selecting maximum speed
a lone zebra is an obvious target
with such a head start it has a good
chance and a zebra has more stamina than
a land but the ground is marshy and
getting wetter disaster the zebra is
slowing down speed reduced by 20% the
small narrow hooves sink right into the
mud making it difficult to run the
lioness is lighter and has broad pores
it's easier to keep up a good pace
warning lion closing the lioness is
coming right up alongside selecting
weapons a zebra can't kick effectively
out to the side
a lone lioness is only successful in 1
out of 5 hunts by misjudging the terrain
the zebra made a fatal mistake mission
failed
reset available in real life that would
have been the end but the great thing
about a game as the Jacana was fire
again again the lioness charges
but this time let's wheel away with the
rest of the herd
the panicking crowd makes the going slow
and the lioness is quick to spot the
opportunity on firm ground the lioness
runs up quickly behind selective weapons
and directed behind is where the peak is
most effective right on the nose this
time it's the - who makes a mistake
luckily for her the error isn't fatal
mission successful end of little one